README.md, before:

## Advance Todo

### As a user, I can create and edit todos

-   [x] View todo on a new dynamic route
-   [x] Delete todo
-   [x] Update view
-   [x] View all todo list
-   [x] Dark and light mode
-   [x] Create todo (limit 10 todos for free version)
-   [ ] Priority on todos (High , Mid , Low )

-   [x] Upgrade for more than 10 todos
-   [ ] Revalidate Premium Status after certain amount of time(6months or 1year)
-   [ ] Cancel Premium Membership at any time

### As a admin/super admin, I can login into the application

-   [x] admin, and super admin roles
-   [x] Simple login
-   [x] Greetings with the username
-   [x] Connect to a database for the credential module
-   [x] See all users and also thier Todos
-   [x] add and delete todos for users
-   [ ] Edit profile page
-   [ ] Admin Dashboard (See statistics)

### As a super admin, I can create users and have all admin and user functionalities

-   [ ] Create admin/super admin users

### X Features

-   [ ] Submit a image to declare that todo has been completed
-   [ ] Timer that decreases to complete a Todo (Day wise)

Commit message:

build : added priority to backend create routes

README.md, after:

## Advance Todo

### As a user, I can create and edit todos

-   [x] View todo on a new dynamic route
-   [x] Delete todo
-   [x] Update view
-   [x] View all todo list
-   [x] Dark and light mode
-   [x] Create todo (limit 10 todos for free version)
-   [ ] Priority on todos (High , Mid , Low )
-   [ ] New TodoPage (to overiew an todo , such as desc , priority, admin given date of creation and date of completeiton)
-   [x] Upgrade for more than 10 todos
-   [ ] Revalidate Premium Status after certain amount of time(6months or 1year)
-   [ ] Cancel Premium Membership at any time

### As a admin/super admin, I can login into the application

-   [x] admin, and super admin roles
-   [x] Simple login
-   [x] Greetings with the username
-   [x] Connect to a database for the credential module
-   [x] See all users and also thier Todos
-   [x] add and delete todos for users
-   [ ] Edit profile page
-   [ ] Admin Dashboard (See statistics)

### As a super admin, I can create users and have all admin and user functionalities

-   [ ] Create admin/super admin users

### X Features

-   [ ] Submit a image to declare that todo has been completed
-   [ ] Timer that decreases to complete a Todo (Day wise)
